[Java] Add Clarifications on CAP Multitenancy (#676)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/features/multi-tenancy/thread-context.mdx

- Store it in the `ThreadContext` and
- Pull the _Tenant_ and _Principal_ information from it

:::tip Integration with CAP

> In case you are using CAP (with the `cds-integration-cloud-sdk` dependency) the Tenant & Principal information will **instead** be derived from the [CAP Request Context](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/java/request-contexts).
> That also means that the `ThreadContext` will not be used when accessing this information.
> All other information (not Tenant or Principal) will still be derived & maintained via the `ThreadContext`.

Reviewer: [Minor]

I'm not a fan of using `&` in fluent texts.

```suggestion
In case you are using CAP (with the `cds-integration-cloud-sdk` dependency) the Tenant and Principal information will **instead** be derived from the [CAP Request Context](https://cap.cloud.sap/docs/java/request-contexts).
That also means that the `ThreadContext` will **not** be used when accessing these information.
All other information (not Tenant or Principal) will still be derived and maintained via the `ThreadContext`.
```

Author: Agreed on the `&`, huh on the `these information`, I find the usage should be [this](https://textranch.com/19728/these-information/or/this-information/) on Google.

TenantAccessor.executeWithTenant(customTenant, () -> doStuff());
```

:::caution CAP Integration
The above does not apply for `TenantAccessor` and `PrincipalAccessor` when using the CAP framework (with the `cds-integration-cloud-sdk` dependency).

> When using CAP the Tenant & Principal information is derived from the `RequestContext`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using CAP the Tenant and Principal information are derived from the `RequestContext`.
```

Author: Also see [here](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/de/grammatik/britisch-grammatik/information)
